---
layout: post
title:  "I wanna dance with somebody: Whitney Houston"
categories: [ Jekyll, tutorial ]
tags: [red, yellow]
image: assets/images/whitneyjpg
description: "My review of an awesome autobiographical whitney houston movie"
featured: true
rating: 4
---
This was my second attempt to watch the Whitney Houston movie. First was on christmas but the tickets weren't there for the timing I wanted so I had to watch _bones and all_ that day(might review it later, but my verdict is: PLEASE DO NOT WATCH _BONES AND ALL_!)

I knew nothing about Whitney Houston until this movie. Kind of like how I felt about Queen when I watched _Bohemin Raphsody_. Didn't start discovering their music until AFTER watching the autobiographical movie.

The movie starts with a typical parental pressure situation of a mother trying to make her child succeed in her singing career. I gotta say, the actress who plays Whitney is GORGEOUS. So is her (girl)friend. There were many cool outfits in the movie.  Anytime someone said “The Bible says” to justify homophobia, I was rolling my eyes.

She is sleeping with her female 'friend' but also has an affair with a 'Jermaine' and then _Bobby Brown_. Bobby proposes to her and then tells her he got his ex pregnant (Tristan-khloe vibes).

The movie has themes of performance anxiety, self-image, drug abuse etc. which every celebrity documentary has at this point. It is also the reason I am scared to (re)do standup comedy.

The "not being black enough" bit and gay rumors really started effecting Whitney's brand image.
She is referred to as an “Oreo” (I also have been referred to as “coconut” except I’m not even brown on the outside *facepalms*)

Eventually she marries Bobby-hood boy. She has fights with her husband and threatens to get a gun. I *think* they get divorced( I am not sure because as great as this movie is, tiktok has ruined my attention span so I was texting friends throughout the movie haha)

She gets to perform at the Super Bowl and also a National anthem performance and then at Oprah's show.

It's a nice watch, although if you're a performer and seeing a great artist hit rock bottom scares you, I guess don't watch it...

Here are some of my favorite quotes:

* “All black women are exhausted”
* “Everyone is using me like an atm”
* [jewish]”So is Jesus, atleast on his mothers side”
* “You need rehab”
* “Lord, Grant me the strength”
