---
layout: post
title:  "Double XL"
categories: [ Jekyll, tutorial ]
tags: [red, yellow]
image: assets/images/double_xl.jpg
description: "My review of half of the movie double XL"
featured: true
rating: 2
---
Obviously I didn't like this movie: I only watched half of it and gave it 2 stars. Why am I reviewing it then? Because the theme is important. The movie shows 2 plus-size women navigating life as an Indian woman whilst dealing with fat shaming and marriage pressure. It reminded me of a show I used to watch as a kid called _Mahi Way_. Mahi Way had way better acting and storyline.

_Sonakshi Sinha_ looks really pretty in this movie which is why I don't understand why everyone keeps hating on her. She catches her boyfriend cheating on her and gives herself a painful self-hate mirror speech after breakup.

It was amazing to see _Dolly_ from insta-reels in the movie.

I think I stopped watching when they glorified alcolhol and seeked validation from two white girls in a bar about their bodies.

It was painful to watch. Also too cheesy and the songs are annoying.

It did remind me of an incident with my Uncle from _Aligarh_ who visited my house while I was living with parents during pandemic. He fat shamed me. He asked me what I do and I said I am a data analyst. He couldn't care less and said 'these big words, I don't even understand'. Then he told me that I NEED to lose weight because arrange marriage market is competitive and no one would want to marry me at my current size. I wish I could tell him that as of that day I was having 7 simultaneous conversations with boys from hinge who'd love to date me. To this day I wish I could go back in time and slap the shit out of his face. But oh well. the moment has passed...

You can skip this movie honestly. Just watch _Mahi Way_ instead.
