---
layout: post
title: "Afwaah- excellent actors, not so excellent movie"
categories: [ Jekyll, tutorial ]
tags: [red, yellow]
image: assets/images/afwaah.jpg
description: "Afwaah- a politcal thriller"
featured: true
rating: 2.5
---

_Afwaah_ is a political mystery thriller movie on Netflix. I decided to watch because I like _Bhumi Pandnekar_ a lot but to be honest I was not super impressed. The plot is confusing and a tad boring.The film revolves around the consequences and chaos which are given birth to after a rumour hits the wall of streets, near to elections.

It was hard to finish personally but there were some interesting one liners and anecdotes that resonated with me.

For instance, the movie begun with _Nawazuddin Siddiqui_ giving one of those monologues US-returns give on why they left America. I call it the _sour grapes scenario_. Usually people give some inspirational I-love-my-India/racism types story but the real reason is usually one of the following:

*  [for men] can't cope without a _bai_ in abroad to do their cooking and cleaning
*  [for women] Finding it hard to do the whole moving apartments/furniture etc(the strong-independent-woman in me leaves my body for a hot minute when I have to move furniture haha)
* [for most] Didn't win H1b/green card lottery

I called BS from the beginning, hence was delighted to see a brown man call himself a 'fucking liar' and reveal that his leaving-america-monolgue was fake. (I recently had a desi boy from hinge lie to me about getting out of a 1 year relationship as the reason for not wanting to continue (while we had be matched on the app for a year). Would have appreciated him coming out to that lie like Nawazuddin but I highly doubt he'd admit to it lol

This is also a brown boy classic is what I am learning. Instead of simply saying 'I don't feel the connection/vibe' - they say - 'I got out of an X year relationship, where X → ∞ '- I have been burned twice with this lie I believe.

Another amusing thing for me to watch was that the dad was _thinking like a politican_ even on his deathbed. He said on the phone from a hospital bed - "thode aadarsho ko compromise karna padhta hai".  Bhumi calls him out for being a 'power hungry pivot'

Overall the plot was boring and hard to follow and to be honest these _Love Jihadi_ stories are getting hard to find entertaining anymore.

My favorite takeaway dialogue from the movie was the Nawazuddin dialogue **'accha insaan hone ka koi virtue hi nahi rahaa'**. My life has taught me this time and again but I don't learn lol. I guess I like being that way. It makes me a good friend, partner and even a good employer I feel. Maybe be bitchy, sometimes(?) hehe
